README.md, before:

# ONLINE COOKBOOK - MILSTONE PROJECT 3
 
#### Data Centric Development Project

In this project, we were asked to create an online Cookbook in where users could find recipes that includes, the cuisine, steps needed 
to take in order to cook, ingredients they will need and the required tools. We are to use backend code and frontend form(s) to allow
users to add their own recipes to the site, edit them and even remove them. Allow users to locate individual recipes based on specific
recipe fields. Provide results of the recipes that is easily accessible and visually pleasing for the user.

## UX DESIGN

This application gives Users the ability to browse through other peoples recipes, edit them, remove them and to add their own if they so choose.
The User will be able to see how long it takes to cook a specific recipe, what ingredients are used, the step by step guide on how to make
a specific recipe and what tags are associated with a recipe. The User will also be able to search for a specific recipe based on it's 
cuisine.

### User Stories:

- As a User I want to be able to search for a specific recipe based on the cuisine.
- As a User I want the ability to add reicpes to the application.
- As a User I want the ability to edit recipes on the application.
- As a User I want the ability to remove recipes from the application.
- As a User I want the application to be easily accessible and visually pleasing.
- As a User I want to see a step by step guide on how to make the meals.
- As a User I want to see how difficult recipes are to make.
- As a User I want to be able to see everything needed in order to make the meals correctly such as, required tools, time length and ingredients.

## FEATURES

### Features Used in This Project:

- Able to search for a specific cuisine.
- View the step by step guide on how to make the recipes. 
- A dropdown navigation bar for smaller sized screens.
- Able to Add, Edit and remove recipes.

## TECHNOLOGIES

### The Technologies I Have Used:

- **[Moq Ups](https://app.moqups.com/)** - I have used MoqUps to create the mockup version of my website, that can be found **[Here.](https://github.com/CapitainHolmes/cookbook-project/tree/master/mock--ups)**

## TESTING


### User Stories Testing

- "As a User I want to be able to search for a specific recipe based on the cuisine." 
** .**
- "As a User I want the ability to add reicpes to the application." 
** .**
- "As a User I want the ability to edit recipes on the application."
** .**
- "As a User I want the ability to remove recipes from the application."
** .**
- "As a User I want the application to be easily accessible and visually pleasing."
** .**
- "As a User I want to see a step by step guide on how to make the meals."
** .**
- "As a User I want to see how difficult recipes are to make."
** .**
- "As a User I want to be able to see everything needed in order to make the meals correctly such as, required tools, time length and ingredients."
** .**

## DEPLOYMENT


## CREDIT


### Content


## ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Commit message:

Added some details about my project on my READme file - User Testing, Features, Technologies i have used and some on the deployment part.

README.md, after:

# ONLINE COOKBOOK - MILSTONE PROJECT 3
 
#### Data Centric Development Project

In this project, we were asked to create an online Cookbook in where users could find recipes that includes, the cuisine, steps needed 
to take in order to cook, ingredients they will need and the required tools. We are to use backend code and frontend form(s) to allow
users to add their own recipes to the site, edit them and even remove them. Allow users to locate individual recipes based on specific
recipe fields. Provide results of the recipes that is easily accessible and visually pleasing for the user.

## UX DESIGN

This application gives Users the ability to browse through other peoples recipes, edit them, remove them and to add their own if they so choose.
The User will be able to see how long it takes to cook a specific recipe, what ingredients are used, the step by step guide on how to make
a specific recipe and what tags are associated with a recipe. The User will also be able to search for a specific recipe based on it's 
cuisine.

### User Stories:

- As a User I want to be able to search for a specific recipe based on the cuisine.
- As a User I want the ability to add reicpes to the application.
- As a User I want the ability to edit recipes on the application.
- As a User I want the ability to remove recipes from the application.
- As a User I want the application to be easily accessible and visually pleasing.
- As a User I want to see a step by step guide on how to make the meals.
- As a User I want to see how difficult recipes are to make.
- As a User I want to be able to see everything needed in order to make the meals correctly such as, required tools, time length and ingredients.

## FEATURES

### Features Used in This Project:

- Able to search for a specific cuisine.
- View the step by step guide on how to make the recipes.
- View the full list of ingredients needed to cook the recipe.
- See other bits of useful information about the recipe which include, cook time, how many people it serves and the difficulty level.
- A dropdown navigation bar for smaller sized screens.
- Able to add you're own recipe with image.
- Ability to edit an existing recipe.
- Able to delete unwanted recipes.

## TECHNOLOGIES

### The Technologies I Have Used:

- **[Moq Ups](https://app.moqups.com/)** - I have used MoqUps to create the mockup version of my website, that can be found **[Here.](https://github.com/CapitainHolmes/cookbook-project/tree/master/mock--ups)**
- **[HTML5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5)** - I have used HTML5 to create the base of my project.
- **[Materialize](https://materializecss.com/)** - I have used Materialize for it's frontend frameworks for the style and layout of my project.
- **[CSS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_Style_Sheets)** - I have used CSS3 for myy custom styles for certain things in my project.
- **[jQuery](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JQuery)** - I have used jQuery to simplify my JavaScript.
- **[MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/)** - I have used MongoDB for my database to store all the recipe data.
- **[Python 3](https://www.python.org/)** - I have used Python 3 for the backend of my project along with the **[Flask Framework](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flask_(web_framework))**.
- **[Jinja2]()** - I have used Jinja2 for it's templating language so that i'm not repeating unnecessary code.

## TESTING


### User Stories Testing

- "As a User I want to be able to search for a specific recipe based on the cuisine." 
** .**
- "As a User I want the ability to add reicpes to the application." 
** This was tested by me by filling out a test recipe in the form provided on the Add Recipe page.**
- "As a User I want the ability to edit recipes on the application."
** This was tested by clicking the edit recipe button on a test recipe card on the recipes page and then updating it with new details.**
- "As a User I want the ability to remove recipes from the application."
** This was tested by selecting the delete recipe button on a test recipe card on the recipes page and successfully removing the test recipe.**
- "As a User I want the application to be easily accessible and visually pleasing."
** .**
- "As a User I want to see a step by step guide on how to make the meals."
** .**
- "As a User I want to see how difficult recipes are to make."
** .**
- "As a User I want to be able to see everything needed in order to make the meals correctly such as, required tools, time length and ingredients."
** .**

## DEPLOYMENT

Throughout the course of this project I have been commiting every finished functionality, 
every bug fix and things I thought needed removing, to GitHub using **[Version Control.](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-About-Version-Control)**

All my commits and the full code for my project can be found on my GitHub Repository which can be found **[Here.](https://github.com/CapitainHolmes/cookbook-project)** 

I have also commited all my work to 

## CREDIT


### Content


## ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
